Testing
Compare different genomes using LIFTOVER for specific chip-seq binding sites? Leverage conservation?
1) What is the precedent for this (not obvious from google search)
2) What would be important for doing this in practice



parallax
size 36 mspaint

post on blog more
new blog?
new github account
clapping with album leaf - red eye

✓ Analyze replicates in SOFTWARE
Analyze linkage maps



✗ Include zscores in wiggleclass member variables
✗ Figure out better bayesian

✓ cash check
✓ Figure out QQ plot
✓ do peak finding using Z score?


Binding site specific conservation model
Compare sequences to empirical chip-seq data comparisons
Use scaffolding from yeast



 
 Notes
Poisson - number of reads centered at a tag. 
Read eland data manually and use MACS R script outputted?
 
Background lambda for Normal vs Negative Binomial?
Compare to Negative binomial (i.e. mean, variance)
Is the background lambda S Normal(0,1)?
 
****************Use hypothesis testing with MEAN and VARIANCE different from 0,1

 
 
 Normalize between experiments
 Random sampling needed for random testing
 Will add confirmation to results!!!!!?>????
 
 Compare results to differential binding.
Differential binding vs variable binding region


 Poster todo
✓ plot P(x<=X) normdiff scores for syntenic
✓ -log10(pvalue)
✗ cutoff pvalue at same value as MACS?
When done considerably less confidence values (0.01 vs 1e-5) is there an issue there?
 

 
Post-poster TODO list
 Analyze linkage
 Compare linkage map to linkage analysis
 Use of genetic markers (what is a single marker regression?)
 Statistical significance of linkage map (population variances)
 start writing paper
 - Include what has been done (synthesize)
 - Include what should be done (hypothesize)
 - Change goals from normalization, bias correction (this work has been overdone clearly, need to answer a new question)
 - Formulate in terms of research goals
 
MUMer alignment
- $ mummer -mum -b -c S288cgenome-v3.fa YJM789.fsa > yeast.mums
- $ mummerplot -postscript -m yeast yeast.mums
- $ gnuplot yeast.gp
- $ ps2pdf yeast.ps

nucmer is the MUMmer's most user-friendly alignment script for standard DNA sequence alignment. It is a robust pipeline that allows for multiple reference and multiple query sequences to be aligned in a many vs. many fashion. For instance, a very common use for nucmer is to determine the position and orientation of a set of sequence contigs in relation to a finished sequence, however it can be just as effective in comparing two finished sequences to one another.
$ nucmer -maxmatch -c 100 -p nucmer S288c-genome-v3.fa YJM789.fsa
$ mummerplot -postscript -p nucmer nucmer.delta
$ ps2pdf nucmer.ps


TODO July
Investigate Transgressive inheritance
- Difference of parental strains divided by stddev of segregants
- Low scores (<3) is mandelian
Possibilities - If the difference is high, and then the variance will be high also. However, if the difference is high and the variance is low then no transgressive effect will be observed
